feat(menus): custom menus updates (#9014)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/demos/CustomMenus/ApplicationLauncher.md

---
id: Application launcher
section: components
subsection: menus
source: react-demos
propComponents:
  [
    'MenuToggle',
    'MenuSearch',
    'MenuSearchInput',
    'Tooltip',
    'Divider',
    'SearchInput',
    'Dropdown',
    'DropdownGroup',
    'DropdownList',
    'DropdownItem'
  ]
---

import ThIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/th-icon';
import pfIcon from './examples/pf-logo-small.svg';

> As the `ApplicationLauncher` component is now deprecated, an application launcher may now be built using the new suite of `Menu` components. This is showcased below in the example using the new `Dropdpown` component built off of `Menu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the application launcher component is now deprecated, an application launcher may now be built using the new suite of menu components. This is showcased in the following example, which uses the new dropdown component that is built off of menu.
```
